# Errors in the XML Documents and Schemas

## a)

The keyref constraint does not reference any key constraints, therefore it cannot be interpreted.

## b)

The `field` element of the keyref constraint is ambiguous, it references multiple elements.

## c)

The unique constraint does nothing, since its context is the same as the elements it should check. Therefore the elements can be duplicated, it won't cause any validation errors.

## d)

They key constraint references the `id` child element of the `b` element, which does not exist. The `b` element has only an `id` attribute, therefore the `field` element should point at `@id` instead.

## e)

According to the unique constraint, all `owned-car` elements of the document must be unique, meaning that a license plate number can be referenced at most once. However, *AB12 CDE* is referenced twice, once by the first owner and once by the second owner.

## f)

The two XML Schemas are in two different namespaces. However, the `include` element can only be used to include XML Schemas in the same namespace.

## g)

In the first XML Schema, there is no `elementFormDefault="qualified"`, meaning that while the `a` element is in the *NS* namespace, the `b` element is not. The second XML Schema adds the `c` element to the `a` element, and the `c` element is also in the *NS* namespace, because the second XML Schema contains `elementFormDefault="qualified"`. However, every element in the XML document is in the *NS* namespace, even the `b` element, which makes the XML document invalid.

## h)

Although the *b* type is in the *NS1* namespace, the `b` element is defined in the 3rd XML Schema which puts it into the *NS3* namespace. In the XML document, the `b` element is prefixed with the *ns1* alias (*NS1* namespace) which makes the document invalid.

## i)

In the XML Schema we can see `attributeFormDefault="qualified"`, therefore the attributes are in the target namespace *NS*, too. Therefore the XML document is invalid, since the `c` attribute there is in the default namespace. There should be an alias for the `NS` namespace, and this alias should be used for the `c` attribute.

## j)

In the XML Schema, the `d` element is defined using `form="unqualified"`. This means that although everything in the XML Schema is put into the target namespace *NS*, the `d` element will be part of the default namespace. In the XML document, every element is inthe *NS* namespace, including the `d` element, which means that the XML document is invalid.

## k)

The XML Schema defines the target namespace as *NS*, therefore the `a` element and the *b* type is put into the *NS* namespace. On line 8 we define the `b` element with the type *b* which does not exist. The *b* type is in the default namespace, while the *b* type that the XML Schema defines is in the *NS* namespace.

## l)

Since the XML Schema doesn't define a target namespace, we should use `xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation` instead of `xsi:schemaLocation` in the XML document to reference the XML Schema.

## m)

Although we correctly use the `xsi:schemaLocation` to reference an XML Schema that defines a target namespace, we left out the namespace itself from the attribute value. Correctly it should be `xsi:schemaLocation="NS 7.m.xsd"`.

## n)

The XML Schema puts its elements in the *NS* namespace, and although the schema reference is correct in the XML document, the document puts all of its elements in the default namespace, which makes the document invalid. This can be fixed with an `xmlns="NS"` attribute in the root element.
