# Errors in the XML Documents

## a)

The `b` element cannot be a root element, because it is not defined globally.

## b)

The `xsd:all` element can only have `xsd:element` elements as its children, and not `xsd:choice`.

## c)

The `xsd:fractionDigits` restriction cannot be associated with `xsd:double`. If the type was `xsd:decimal`, the schema would be valid.

## d)

The `minOccurs` and `maxOccurs` attributes have a default value of 1. In this schema, we defined `minOccurs` to be 2, but `maxOccurs` is still 1. Therefore 2 = `minOccurs` > `maxOccurs` = 1 which is wrong.

## e)

The XML document is invalid, because only 2 elements could occur after the `a` element (both of these elements can be either `b` or `c`). The XML document would be valid if for instance the `xsd:choice` could appear 4 times.

## f)

The `a` element is defined using an `xsd:sequence` structure, which means that the `b`, `c` and `d` elements must appear in this exact order. If we used `xsd:all` instead of `xsd:sequence`, the document would be valid.

## g)

The date and time formats are wrong in the XML documents. The `xsd:date` should have a format similar to *2013-01-01*, the `xsd:time` should have a format similar to *10:00:00*, while the `xsd:dateTime` should have a format similar to *2013-01-01T10:00:00*.

## h)

Although the XSD uses no alias for the XML Schema namespace, the type is written as `xsd:anySimpleType`, making its namespace unknown. To fix this error, we should either define the namespace somewhere (on the root element or on the element of the `type` attribute), or we should omit the `xsd` prefix in the type definition, too.
